README.rst, before:

======
MailMe
======

Installation
------------

.. code-block:: bash

    $ Create your virtualenv (recommended, use virtualenvwrapper)
    $ virtualenv env

    $ # Clone repository
    $ git clone git@bitbucket.org:mailme/mailme.git

    $ # Activate Environment and install
    $ source env/bin/activate
    $ make develop

    $ # run tests
    $ python setup.py test


Edit settings
-------------

Ignore development settings.

.. code-block:: bash

    $ git update-index --assume-unchanged mailme/settings/development.py

This ignores all future changes to your local development settings.

Edit ``mailme/settings/development.py`` and adapt to your environment.


Setup the database
------------------

.. code-block:: bash

    $ python manage.py syncdb --migrate --noinput


Superuser & example data
------------------------

.. code-block:: bash

    $ # Create a new super user
    $ python manage.py createsuperuser
    $ python import.py

Now you can run the webserver and start using the site.

.. code-block:: bash

   $ python manage.py runserver

This starts a local webserver on `localhost:8000 <http://localhost:8000/>`_. To view the administration
interface visit `/admin/ <http://localhost:8000/admin/>`_

Run Celery and other services
-----------------------------

Other services being used:

* Celery, is being used to run [regular] tasks, e.g for feed imports.
* Compass, is being used to compile our scss files and the foundation framework.

To start all of them (including the runserver):

.. code-block:: bash

   $ foreman start

.. note::

   Please make sure you have the ``foreman`` gem installed.


Resources
---------

* `Documentation <yu no url>`_
* `Bug Tracker <https://trello.com/b/yQfpDGPx/task-board>`_
* `Code <https://bitbucket.org/fruitywinter/mailme.io>`_

Commit message:

Integration of stunnel for local ssl development (required for oauth testing), please install stunnel when using 'foreman start'

README.rst, after:

======
MailMe
======

Installation
------------

.. code-block:: bash

    $ Create your virtualenv (recommended, use virtualenvwrapper)
    $ virtualenv env

    $ # Clone repository
    $ git clone git@bitbucket.org:mailme/mailme.git

    $ # Activate Environment and install
    $ source env/bin/activate
    $ make develop

    $ # run tests
    $ python setup.py test


Edit settings
-------------

Ignore development settings.

.. code-block:: bash

    $ git update-index --assume-unchanged mailme/settings/development.py

This ignores all future changes to your local development settings.

Edit ``mailme/settings/development.py`` and adapt to your environment.


Setup the database
------------------

.. code-block:: bash

    $ python manage.py syncdb --migrate --noinput


Superuser & example data
------------------------

.. code-block:: bash

    $ # Create a new super user
    $ python manage.py createsuperuser
    $ python import.py

Now you can run the webserver and start using the site.

.. code-block:: bash

   $ python manage.py runserver

This starts a local webserver on `localhost:8000 <http://localhost:8000/>`_. To view the administration
interface visit `/admin/ <http://localhost:8000/admin/>`_

Run Celery and other services
-----------------------------

Other services being used:

* Celery, is being used to run [regular] tasks, e.g for feed imports.
* Compass, is being used to compile our scss files and the foundation framework.

.. note::

   To test oauth services we require using a SSL server for local development.
   It's not required for regular development but the default setup is using SSL.

   Please install ``stunnel``.

   $ brew install stunnel


To start all of them (including the runserver):

.. code-block:: bash

   $ foreman start

.. note::

   Please make sure you have the ``foreman`` gem installed.


Resources
---------

* `Documentation <yu no url>`_
* `Bug Tracker <https://trello.com/b/yQfpDGPx/task-board>`_
* `Code <https://bitbucket.org/fruitywinter/mailme.io>`_
